at 13 to 30 years I have I am going to thank me
the track that becomes youth
This means that the victory will keep it
it is a platform for discussion
what you can press
he could have combined better
duke
to work
at the door and what you should pay attention to have side effects digested
to make the present
to bring in all the components from the cabinet
unfortunately I only have old images of it
the city is not very difficult, you just have to make sure it doesn't bring anything
these are components that you encounter in computer
I'll come back to you later
This is great that here all the computer components are connected
connected the buzzwordand large 24 pink a heavy
piquet as it shows
if it is good that a big cow becomes the computer this is too cool of it
process
company sees a collection
starting from process corner that must put up forest
free the process costs from the motherboard
by simply four screws loose screws
once you get the processor cooler
removed it from the motherboard
You will see that there is still a layer of thermal paste present on the process
Easy to remove with a little against ten
make bottle open a little by ten
feast china slowly about the processes and
that you are not hard team
further names with a piece of tropical paper
also the processes ring so that you can see it very well in number of the process
the processor type is in fact very village esther's my quad core build also about
you can use this purpose to use single fever
But don't go for the best results outside of Hamburg
for this plays I recommend that you capture at least twice you can watch
or other your computer simply by putting your edge pieces for a moment
get out and see how many gigabytes or on the street
if there is still a slot left, you can puncture it for the best
result consult for this submit the boarding school further on it
motherboard and 24 thinking naked by connecting it becomes the motherboard
powered by texas connections
for the hard drives connected to the board on this took care of the year on
the cockpit store also will see a number of other contiguous ones
the motherboard these are the track years of traffic on lock network cards
sound cards the bartz video card possibly or more encounters is the TV
Map
and cu sp card
know source ap
that is in
i find i have a code to print a headline
how you set up each other before the collision happened
as a wife there the last few days
they'll find out later when the judge is convicted
and I say for you
the